Add a description in the General/Default Paths section about S3 (#352)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

== Default Paths

As you will read below, the config directory and the base directory for storing metadata must be located on POSIX filesystems. Consider for the ease of backup and restore, to keep both directories on the same filesystem.

=== Configuration Directory

> The default locations for _config_ files, which have to be on a POSIX storage, without the need setting them explicitely are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default locations (no need to set them explicitly) for _config_ files, which have to be on a POSIX storage, are:
```

=== Base Data Directory

> The base directory contains, dependent on how the system is setup, not only the metadata but also the user data, see xref:prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc#filesystems-and-shared-storage[Filesystems and Shared Storage] for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the system setup, the base directory contains not only the metadata but also the user data. See xref:prerequisites/prerequisites.adoc#filesystems-and-shared-storage[Filesystems and Shared Storage] for more details.
```

* When only using a supported POSIX filesystem, user data and metadata are stored on that filesystem.  

> * When using S3 and POSIX, user data is stored as blob on S3 while metadata is stored on POSIX. Also see xref:using-s3-for-user-data[Using S3 for User Data]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When using S3 and POSIX, user data is stored as blob on S3 while metadata is stored on POSIX. Also see xref:using-s3-for-user-data[Using S3 for User Data].
```

The base directory is important, because services need this directory for writing data. Some services can overwrite that path if necessary. Defining them independently can be required when using a xref:deployment/container/orchestration/orchestration.adoc[Container Orchestration] setup.

> The base path has default locations, see below, if not manually defined by the environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base path has default locations (see below) if not manually defined by the environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`.
```

> The environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`, if manually defined, sets the base path in a generic way. Following services can overwrite the base path for that service if necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`, if manually defined, sets the base path in a generic way. The following services can overwrite the base path for that service if necessary.
```

the environment variable `OCIS_BASE_DATA_PATH`. When setting the base directory manually, it will be used automatically for the services described above - if they are not otherwise manually defined. 
+
NOTE: When using a system user for the runtime, which has no login and therefore no home directory, like in the scenario xref:deployment/binary/binary-setup.adoc#setting-up-systemd-for-infinite-scale[Setting up systemd for Infinite Scale], you *must* specify a base directory location.
--

=== Using S3 for User Data

When using S3 for storing user data, metadata must reside on POSIX using the base directory as path. For more details see the section xref:base-data-directory[Base Data Directory] above.

Configuring the xref:{s-path}/storage-users.adoc[Storage-Users] service is necessary to define the usage of POSIX and S3 storage for Infinite Scale.

> Following environment variables are necessary to be configured for the use with S3, see the Storage-Users service for details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following environment variables are need to be configured for the use with S3 (see the Storage-Users service for details):
```
